All right.
Welcome back.
Now we are back to home screen because we have some other business to take care of here, mainly because
we want to be able to show the books that we have saved into our database in our reading list and hopefully
later be able to click on the reading list book so that we can change the status of that book to say
that we are now reading that book, as you see at the top there.
So we have two different categories.
We have the reading list, the books that we just added, and then we are going to tap on the books
that we just added and then set it to say, OK, we're starting reading this book, and once we have
set it that way, then these books are going to be shown at the top there because there will be the
activity right now, right?
The reading activity right now book.
We are getting there.
And let's do it.
Let's go.